Refactor FE deploy for latest terminology (#1630)
RoundingWell/care-ops-frontend: docs/deploy.md

- `dev`
- `localstack`

## Local Deploy: Single Dev Environment

Deploy a single environment by passing both `--stage` and `--organization`.

```bash
AWS_PROFILE=<your-profile> npm run deploy -- --stage=dev --organization=<organization-id>
```

Example:
```bash
AWS_PROFILE=default npm run deploy -- --stage=dev --organization=paul
```

This discovers the deploy target in CloudFormation by tags:
- `stage=<stage>`
- `organization=<organization-id>`

And then:
1. Generates `dist/appconfig.json` from Secrets Manager secret `customer/<stage>/<organization-id>`
2. Uploads `dist/` to the organization's WebsiteBucket
3. Invalidates CloudFront if the secret contains `DistroId` or `DistroID`

## Local Deploy: All Organizations In A Stage

Deploy every organization in a stage by omitting `--organization`:

```bash
AWS_PROFILE=<your-profile> npm run deploy -- --stage=sandbox
```

> This pages CloudFormation results, filters by the `stage=<stage>` tag, and deploys each matching organization bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pages CloudFormation results, filters by the `stage=<stage>` tag, and deploys each matching environment.
```

3. Unpacks the artifact into `dist/`
4. Runs:
```bash
npm run deploy -- --stage=<stage> [--organization=<organization>]
```

Supported deploy environments:
- `qa:*`
- `sandbox:*`
- `prod:*`

> - specific envs such as `qa:qa2`, `sandbox:banana`, `prod:apple`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- specific environments such as `qa:qa2`, `sandbox:banana`, `prod:apple`
```

```
2. Wait for the tag pipeline to publish the release artifact.
3. In CircleCI Deploy, start a deploy using:
   - `environment_name=<stage>:<organization|*>`
   - `target_version=<release-tag>`

> 4. The deploy pipeline downloads the artifact for that tag and deploys only the selected target environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The deploy pipeline downloads the artifact for that tag and deploys the  target environment.
```

> The backend and AWS infrastructure must already expose the environment deploy contract for this repo to deploy successfully:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS account must expose the deploy target to run successfully:
```

> - the CloudFormation deploy target must carry `stage` and `organization` tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CloudFormation distribution must have `stage` and `organization` tags
```

> - the matching CloudFormation result must expose a `WebsiteBucket` output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CloudFormation distribution must have a `WebsiteBucket` output
```

> - Secrets Manager entries must resolve as `customer/<stage>/<organization>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Secrets Manager must have a secret named `customer/<stage>/<organization>`
```

Reviewer: This should probably be at the top, since it is the first thing pulled from AWS.

> - CloudFormation distribution must have a `WebsiteBucket` output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CloudFormation stack must have `stage` and `organization` tags
- CloudFormation stack must have a `WebsiteBucket` output
```

## Troubleshooting

- `No environments found for stage=<stage>`
  - Check `--stage` and `--organization` values.

>   - Confirm the CloudFormation tags include the expected `stage` and `organization` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Confirm the CloudFormation tags include `stage` and `organization`.
```

- `AWS credentials not available`
  - Local deploy: verify SSO login and `AWS_PROFILE`.
  - CircleCI deploy: verify the job assumed the expected `CircleCIRole` via `aws-cli/setup`.

- `No CloudFront distribution found, skipping invalidation`

>   - Expected when both `DistroId` and `DistroID` are absent from the organization secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Verify that `DistroId` (or `DistroID`) is defined in the organization secret.
```
